The scene of car fraud. It's him. that is.
Ask for this thing. He is the scene of murder. My wife and kids are in the car.
I cheated on my car. Then who knows.
You might. you. You bought insurance for your wife.
Want to cheat. Comrade police.
If the murderers are not the two of them. Why did he run away?
Let's take a good walk on the road. It depends on your car Baoza.
It's almost up to you. Then why are you running?
His brother. Is this a normal human reaction?
that is. Comrade police.
There is a process between this person. I even had a fight with him.
Then he detonated the bomb. He but you are dreaming.
I've never been in that car
Now that I don’t know how to drive, I can even change it myself.
The police won't believe it either
I saw two people on the road before
It's you
Team White, fix us
We Lancar fans stop by
Just keep moving forward.
Stop talking
You guys should go first too, right?
police comrade
They are cultivators
Can't let them go
The two of them are used to having trouble with their heads.
Let them drive away
I guess I don't have the guts
You go too, brother
Why is it you
Farewell Lord Ding
It’s really not my Chad car
I and the others are about to collapse.
I'm the same as you
It’s been repeated many times